Netlify & Vercel caching guides (#4668)
prisma/docs: content/300-guides/500-other/880-troubleshooting-orm/100-help-articles/600-vercel-caching-issue.mdx

Prisma uses a `postinstall` hook to generate Prisma Client when dependencies are installed. Because Vercel uses cached modules, this `postinstall` hook never gets run in subsequent deployments after the initial deployment. This results in Prisma Client becoming out of sync with your database schema.

This error message prevents this situation from happening and directs you here to learn how to fix the root issue.

<details><summary>Prisma Client versions below 4.13.0</summary>

On Prisma Client versions lower than 4.13.0, you may encounter error messages that look like the following:

```
// 1: When adding a field:
Unknown arg `name` in data.name for type UserCreateInput. Did you mean `nick`?

// 2: When removing a field:
Invalid `prisma.user.create()` invocation:\n\n\nThe column `User.name` does not exist in the current database.

// 3: When a model was removed/renamed
Invalid `prisma.user.deleteMany()` invocation:\n\n\nThe table `public.User` does not exist in the current database.

// 4: When a model was added
Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'create')
```

The solutions described in this guide are meant to solve these problems.

</details>

## Solution

> This issue can be solved by explicitly generating Prisma Client on every deployment. Running `npx prisma generate` before each deployment will ensure Prisma Client is up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue can be solved by explicitly generating Prisma Client on every deployment. Running `npx prisma generate` before each deployment ensures Prisma Client is up-to-date.

<Admonition type="info">

Replace `npx` with the package manager you're using in your project if you're using a different package manager.

</Admonition>
```
